well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so as i record this trump is on his way
to
uh walter reed
the white house is saying that
everything's fine everything's under
control there is nothing to worry about
just uh
just just a minor thing some people are
skeptical
they have reason to be this
administration is not known for its
truthfulness
fair enough there are a lot of people
who are hoping
for an outcome there are a lot of people
who are hoping for a negative outcome
i'm going to suggest that it is
incredibly important
that the president
fully recovers or suffers no symptoms
it's not out of sympathy
to be honest
if trump suffers a negative outcome
what happens yeah he goes away
fine trumpism doesn't
trumpism will survive him
it is incredibly important
that trump lose at the polls
this yeah sure
it's an immediate end to some of his
policies got it
i understand that sentiment
however his supporters are still there
his supporters still believe
that they have the majority of americans
behind them
they still believe they have a mandate
it is incredibly important for this
country
to see his policies rejected if
pence takes over if pence is the
candidate
it doesn't mean anything if he loses
it just shows that people didn't want
pence
we have to show that people don't want
trump that people don't want his
policies we can't let him go down a
martyr
i know i'm saying this like we have some
say in this matter we don't
however i just want people to be aware
that if we don't
show at the polls
that trump's policies are anti-american
that trump's policies are the cause of
the division
they'll continue there will be people
who still think that that's
the right way to go about it i also feel
that it is incredibly important
for all of the demographics in this
country that have been marginalized that
have been slighted by this man
to see him rejected by their neighbors
that's what's important to me
i'm not a huge fan of electoral politics
i don't care who wins
as long as trump loses as long as it's a
referendum
on his policies and they are flatly
rejected by the american people
if he suffers a negative outcome we
don't have that opportunity
we don't have the opportunity as a
people
to reject the
the hate to reject the divisiveness
to reject the authoritarian rule and
there will be people out there
who will turn this into a a situation in
which he's proclaimed a hero
because see even even when it was
affecting him
he didn't try to infringe on our rights
by asking us to wear a mask
he's got to be defeated at the polls i
want him to survive
probably more than anybody because i
think that's more important than
anything
if this country is to get back on track
trump has to have a positive outcome
and then he's got to be defeated on
november 3rd
can't let him take an easy way out
as if we have some say in the matter
again
it's important for this country for the
soul of this nation
to reject everything that is trump
it's not just a person anymore
it's trumpism it's this belief
in might makes right it's this belief
that those at the top can squash those
on the bottom
without repercussion
i don't want the public health issue to
get him
i want the american voters to
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day